Transcript: and for me the surprise was
Predicted Text: and for me, the surprise was...

Transcript: they're moving around
Predicted Text: they're moving around.

Transcript: and we were right
Predicted Text: and we were right.

Transcript: and the next day
Predicted Text: and the next day you

Transcript: when there isn't much else in the garden
Predicted Text: when there isn't much else in the garden.

Transcript: sort of second half of october
Predicted Text: sort of second half of october.

Transcript: well into november
Predicted Text: we were well into november.

Transcript: we can just about get away with it now
Predicted Text: we can just about get away with it now.

Transcript: something like a garden compost
Predicted Text: something like a garden compost.

Transcript: it's not all about size
Predicted Text: it's not all about size.

Transcript: and if you want wonderful
Predicted Text: and if you want wonderful...

Transcript: starting with the compost
Predicted Text: now starting with the compost.

Transcript: for a brief time
Predicted Text: for a brief time.

Transcript: it will change lives
Predicted Text: it will change lives.

Transcript: when my husband and i are not around
Predicted Text: when my husband and i are not around.

Transcript: please donate now
Predicted Text: please donate now.

Transcript: don't forget me
Predicted Text: and don't forget me.

Transcript: these are my words
Predicted Text: these are my words.

Transcript: it would have been completely alien to the rest of london
Predicted Text: it would have been completely alien to the rest of london.

Transcript: but i think what we're seeing here is kind of the blueprint
Predicted Text: but i think what we're seeing here is kind of the blue print.

Transcript: he was so popular
Predicted Text: he was so popular.

Transcript: instead of being someone's arm candy
Predicted Text: instead of being someone's arm candy.

Transcript: i expected you to have a past
Predicted Text: i expected you to have a past.

Transcript: see how much it comes to
Predicted Text: see how much it comes to.

Transcript: i pay the money
Predicted Text: i pay them money.

Transcript: over the course of his life
Predicted Text: over the course of his life, the the the the the the the

Transcript: when it's finished
Predicted Text: when it's finished.

Transcript: but before i do
Predicted Text: but before i do.

Transcript: this house will just come together and flourish
Predicted Text: this house will just come together and flourish.

Transcript: any man would be proud to have you as a son
Predicted Text: any man will be proud to have you as a son.

Transcript: at the end of the day
Predicted Text: by the end of the day.

Transcript: get them into the garden
Predicted Text: get them into the garden.

Transcript: this one is totally out of control
Predicted Text: this one is totally out of control.

Transcript: but it comes and goes
Predicted Text: but it comes and goes.

Transcript: it's part of the national gardens scheme
Predicted Text: it's part of the national garden scheme.

Transcript: i think it's brilliant
Predicted Text: i think it's brilliant.

Transcript: a one bedroom first floor flat
Predicted Text: a one bedroom first floor flat.

Transcript: if it was going to be increased
Predicted Text: if it was going to be increased then.

Transcript: but it's a decent size
Predicted Text: but it's a decent size.

Transcript: i'm not massively happy
Predicted Text: i'm not massively happy.

Transcript: if you are looking round auction properties before the auction
Predicted Text: if you are looking around auction properties before the auction.

Transcript: it's a very attractive guide price for a substantial house so well
Predicted Text: it's a very attractive guide price for a substantial house so well.

Transcript: did they get it done on time and for the right money
Predicted Text: did they get it done on time and for the right money?

Transcript: but what a surprise when you come in
Predicted Text: but what a surprise when you come in.

Transcript: because it's fantastic
Predicted Text: because it's fantastic.

Transcript: what do you think about that
Predicted Text: what do you think about that?

Transcript: he's looking to sell it
Predicted Text: he's looking to sell it.

Transcript: it's not as easy as it looks
Predicted Text: it's not as easy as it looks.

Transcript: stick to what you're good at
Predicted Text: stick to what you're good at.

Transcript: that is important
Predicted Text: that is important.

Transcript: but he did really well
Predicted Text: but he did really well in.

Transcript: and do what i used to do when i was a little boy
Predicted Text: and do what i used to do when i was a little boy.

Transcript: i'm starting up a venue for yank holiday makers on an island at bahamas
Predicted Text: i'm starting up a venue for yank holiday makers on an island at bahamas.

Transcript: i couldn't read it
Predicted Text: i couldn't read it.

Transcript: except as a last resort
Predicted Text: except as a last resort.

Transcript: you never know by the end of the build
Predicted Text: you never know by the end of the build.

Transcript: i know it comes with planning permission
Predicted Text: i know it comes with planning permission.

Transcript: but we're going to improve on things like the green roof
Predicted Text: but we're going to improve on things like the green roof.

Transcript: we've got a great relationship
Predicted Text: we've got a great relationship.

Transcript: where is the gas
Predicted Text: where is the gassing?

Transcript: some members of the public don't quite understand leasehold
Predicted Text: some members of the public don't quite understand leasehold.

Transcript: if you lived in the building
Predicted Text: if you lived in the building.

Transcript: would you want new neighbours every week or every fortnight
Predicted Text: would you want new neighbours every week or every fortnight?

Transcript: but i think he's already learned some really important property lessons
Predicted Text: but i think he's already learnt some really important property lessons.

Transcript: choosing a good location
Predicted Text: choosing a good location.

Transcript: you have to hold your nerve
Predicted Text: you have to hold your nerve.

Transcript: who's very much into family history
Predicted Text: who's very much into family history.

Transcript: we don't want to spend more than
Predicted Text: we don't want to spend more than...

Transcript: it certainly won't be
Predicted Text: it certainly won't be.

Transcript: i think something drastic needs to be done
Predicted Text: i think something drastic needs to be done.

Transcript: what do you know about it
Predicted Text: what do you know about it?

Transcript: i'm right in saying that
Predicted Text: i'm writing saying that.

Transcript: time has passed
Predicted Text: time has passed.

Transcript: so let's go back and find out
Predicted Text: so let's go back and find out.

Transcript: i'm very impressed
Predicted Text: i'm very impressed.

Transcript: the best bargains
Predicted Text: the best bargains were...

Transcript: not quite as high
Predicted Text: not quite as high.

Transcript: it's a plus point
Predicted Text: it's a plus point.

Transcript: on the face of it
Predicted Text: on the face of it.

Transcript: the first and second floor flats
Predicted Text: the first and second floor flats.

Transcript: as a result of smoking
Predicted Text: as a result of smoking.

Transcript: we'll give it a try
Predicted Text: we'll give it a try.

Transcript: go to the press
Predicted Text: go to the press.

Transcript: learning the ropes
Predicted Text: learning the ropes.

Transcript: eight feet tall
Predicted Text: eight feet tall.

Transcript: and the reason for that
Predicted Text: and the reason for that.

Transcript: a little saxifrage
Predicted Text: a little saxifrage.

Transcript: wherever you are
Predicted Text: wherever you are.

Transcript: it may be a miniature compared to that
Predicted Text: it may be a miniature compared to that.

Transcript: i can plant them in that spot
Predicted Text: i can plant them in that spot.

Transcript: sometimes it doesn't
Predicted Text: sometimes it doesn't.

Transcript: i think it looks great
Predicted Text: i think it looks great.

Transcript: that's quite a large leaf
Predicted Text: i mean that's quite a large leaf.

Transcript: and it's a great way to eat it
Predicted Text: and it's a great way to eat it.

Transcript: that first meeting
Predicted Text: that first meeting.

Transcript: but now we have these viruses
Predicted Text: but now we have these viruses.

Transcript: squirrel pox virus
Predicted Text: squirrelpox virus.

Transcript: causes it no harm
Predicted Text: it causes it no harm.

Transcript: but not for me as a farmer
Predicted Text: but not for me as a farmer.

Transcript: it's that simple
Predicted Text: it's that simple.

Transcript: this really is a tale of two cities
Predicted Text: well, that's really a tale of two cities or

Transcript: it's a long way from home
Predicted Text: it's a long way from home but...

Transcript: as you enter the rear part of the shop
Predicted Text: as you enter the rear part of the shop.

Transcript: lots of things to think about
Predicted Text: lots of things to think about.

Transcript: i'm still happy
Predicted Text: time still happy.

Transcript: you must have a personal key
Predicted Text: you must have a personal key.

Transcript: we will own it together
Predicted Text: we will own it together.

Transcript: it will be a great investment
Predicted Text: it will be a great investment.

Transcript: or properties should i say
Predicted Text: or properties should i say?

Transcript: pretty on the outside
Predicted Text: pretty on the outside.

Transcript: because it was offices
Predicted Text: because it was offices.

Transcript: very close by the university
Predicted Text: very close by the university.

Transcript: ground floor flat
Predicted Text: . . . . . . . . .

Transcript: i would market that
Predicted Text: i would market that again.

Transcript: add another ten on
Predicted Text: add another 10 on.

Transcript: for this property
Predicted Text: for this property.

Transcript: but in this case
Predicted Text: but in this case

Transcript: one bedroom apartments around here at the moment
Predicted Text: one bedroom apartments around here at the moment.

Transcript: probably around 85
Predicted Text: probably around 85.

Transcript: and since the conversion
Predicted Text: and since the conversion is...

Transcript: realistic value wise
Predicted Text: realistic value wise.

Transcript: she was a flawed ship
Predicted Text: she was a flawed ship.

Transcript: even before she entered the water
Predicted Text: even before she entered the water.

Transcript: visiting almost all parts of the empire
Predicted Text: visiting almost all parts of the empire.

Transcript: from small ships
Predicted Text: from small ships.

Transcript: is it true she was
Predicted Text: isn't true she was a

Transcript: sometimes it's difficult to know where
Predicted Text: sometimes it's difficult to know where...

Transcript: if you intend to bid on a place
Predicted Text: if you intend to bid on a place you can't.

Transcript: it's hard to come away from it
Predicted Text: it's hard to come away from it.

Transcript: it seems a very good location
Predicted Text: it seems a very good location.

Transcript: because of the demand of the market
Predicted Text: because of the demand of the market would be.

Transcript: it might be viable
Predicted Text: it might be viable.

Transcript: that's my kind of location
Predicted Text: that's my kind of location.

Transcript: what was it that made you think
Predicted Text: what was it that made you think? yeah.

Transcript: how can i do that
Predicted Text: how can i do that?

Transcript: destroying the property
Predicted Text: destroying the property.

Transcript: purely by chance
Predicted Text: purely by chance.

Transcript: are they struggling or are they flushed with success
Predicted Text: are they struggling or are they flushed with success?

Transcript: he's my builder
Predicted Text: he's my builder.

Transcript: we played in a band together
Predicted Text: we're playing a band together.

Transcript: after just a couple of days
Predicted Text: after just a couple of days.

Transcript: just like any good comic book villain
Predicted Text: just like any good comic book villain.

Transcript: and then of course
Predicted Text: and then of course you.

Transcript: desperate to prove your bizarre theory
Predicted Text: desperate to prove your bizarre theory.

Transcript: but since jack's first discovery
Predicted Text: but since jack's first discovery.

Transcript: protected from the prevailing winds
Predicted Text: protected from the prevailing winds.

Transcript: searching for answers
Predicted Text: searching for answers.

Transcript: we know what they are
Predicted Text: we know what they are.

Transcript: there's no obvious reason
Predicted Text: that's now obvious reason.

Transcript: taking horticulture to the extreme
Predicted Text: taking horticulture to the extreme.

Transcript: the whole gardens are extraordinary and
Predicted Text: the whole gardens are extraordinary and...

Transcript: like hundreds of thousands of people do every year
Predicted Text: like hundreds of thousands of people do every year.

Transcript: but now there's more protection
Predicted Text: but now there's more protection.

Transcript: about 20 years ago
Predicted Text: about 20 years ago.

Transcript: and a couple of weeks ago
Predicted Text: and a couple of weeks ago.

Transcript: enjoy the summer
Predicted Text: enjoy the summer.

Transcript: are they relatives of yours
Predicted Text: are they relatives of yours?

Transcript: not just a hotel
Predicted Text: not just a hotel but...

Transcript: but the waldorf astoria
Predicted Text: but the ward of astoria.

Transcript: they would be able to go back
Predicted Text: they would be able to go back that.

Transcript: not just a hotel
Predicted Text: not just a hotel but...

Transcript: not just in this town
Predicted Text: not just in this town, but.

Transcript: every september this place would be transformed into what was
Predicted Text: every september this place will be transformed into what was

Transcript: for over 700 years
Predicted Text: for over 700 years.

Transcript: so from his vantage point
Predicted Text: so from his vantage point.

Transcript: there is no air so there is no sound
Predicted Text: there is no air, so there is no sound.

Transcript: with one of the rooms upstairs
Predicted Text: with one of the rooms upstairs and

Transcript: which is only 10 minutes away
Predicted Text: which is only 10 minutes away.

Transcript: this is a sweet
Predicted Text: this is a sweet.

Transcript: before we all get too excited about that prospect
Predicted Text: before we all get too excited about that prospect.

Transcript: it can be quite expensive
Predicted Text: it can be quite expensive to

Transcript: it's a multicultural
Predicted Text: it's a multicultural day.

Transcript: on the face of it
Predicted Text: on the face of it but...

Transcript: buying a new build property should mean you don't have any work to do
Predicted Text: buying a new bill property should mean you don't have any work to do.

Transcript: some issues with potential damp
Predicted Text: some issues with potential damp.

Transcript: a great place for him to be
Predicted Text: a great place for him to be.

Transcript: we have to pay for that
Predicted Text: we have to pay for that.

Transcript: so rather than just relying on this information
Predicted Text: so rather than just relying on this information.

Transcript: all of the brain is combining all the different senses
Predicted Text: all of the brain is combining all the different senses.

Transcript: who doesn't have vision
Predicted Text: who doesn't have vision.

Transcript: so you have your bathroom in this area and then
Predicted Text: so you have your bathroom in this area and then

Transcript: when i see that
Predicted Text: why don't i see that?

Transcript: and i wouldn't be surprised
Predicted Text: and i wouldn't be surprised.

Transcript: this is very similar
Predicted Text: this is very similar.

Transcript: or have they encountered problems
Predicted Text: or have they encountered problems it's time?

Transcript: and turning upstairs into an open plan area is definitely the way to go
Predicted Text: and turning upstairs into an open plant area is definitely the way to go.

Transcript: travel three miles further west and you do get more for your money
Predicted Text: travel three miles further west and you do get more for your money here.

Transcript: if that was fitted out
Predicted Text: if that was fitted out.

Transcript: will it be a fun
Predicted Text: will it be a fun...

Transcript: fabulous project for them
Predicted Text: fabulous project for them.

Transcript: will it be above par
Predicted Text: will it be above par?

Transcript: that's an option
Predicted Text: so that's an option.

Transcript: that's very bad news
Predicted Text: that's very bad news.

Transcript: and that's really well done
Predicted Text: and that's really well done.

Transcript: it takes hard work
Predicted Text: it takes hard work.

Transcript: and things like that we'll do ourselves
Predicted Text: and things like that will do us now.

Transcript: this auction lot has it in spades
Predicted Text: this auction lot has it in spades.

Transcript: if you can't go up
Predicted Text: if you can't go up.

Transcript: it's cosmetically improved quite drastically here
Predicted Text: it's cosmetically improved quite drastically here.

Transcript: on the second floor
Predicted Text: on the second floor.

Transcript: it's very clean
Predicted Text: it's very clean.

Transcript: the appliances have been done nicely
Predicted Text: the appliances have been done nicely.

Transcript: it could be your passport to a small fortune
Predicted Text: it could be your passport to a small fortune.

Transcript: in other words made the base
Predicted Text: in other words, made the base.

Transcript: garage and techno funk
Predicted Text: garage and techno funk.

Transcript: end of november
Predicted Text: end of november.

Transcript: look at me at all
Predicted Text: look at me at all.

Transcript: because i must say
Predicted Text: because i must say.

Transcript: the following spring
Predicted Text: in the following spring.

Transcript: over the last few weeks
Predicted Text: over the last few weeks.

Transcript: and that's all about
Predicted Text: and that's all about.

Transcript: i tend to use natural british stone
Predicted Text: i tend to use natural british stone.

Transcript: if you travel the world
Predicted Text: and if you travel the world, you...

Transcript: here in this greenhouse and the other one
Predicted Text: here in this greenhouse and the other one.

Transcript: as long as you're calm
Predicted Text: as long as you all come.

Transcript: is it all good news
Predicted Text: so is it all good news?

Transcript: why are many supermarkets stopping selling caged eggs
Predicted Text: why are many supermarkets stopping selling caged eggs?

Transcript: free range good
Predicted Text: free range goods.

Transcript: to make it work
Predicted Text: to make it work.

Transcript: very few remain
Predicted Text: very few remain.

Transcript: taking it all in
Predicted Text: taking it all in.

Transcript: one northern welsh ruler
Predicted Text: one northern welsh ruler.

Transcript: for the first time
Predicted Text: for the first time.

Transcript: formally acknowledged his title as the prince of wales
Predicted Text: formally acknowledged his title as the prince of wales.

Transcript: and here on top of the eagle tower
Predicted Text: and here on top of the eagle tower.

Transcript: which is now in syria
Predicted Text: which is now in syria.

Transcript: according to legend
Predicted Text: according to legend

Transcript: it was a blank canvas
Predicted Text: it was a blank canvas.

Transcript: in the first year alone
Predicted Text: in the first year alone.

Transcript: as she lay dying
Predicted Text: as she lay dying.

Transcript: the garrison responded with a hail of arrows
Predicted Text: the garrison responded with a hail of arrows.

Transcript: and when you're moving through enemy territory
Predicted Text: and when you're moving through enemy territory.

Transcript: the garrison tried to surrender before he could try out his new toy
Predicted Text: the garrison tried to surrender before he could try out his new toy.

Transcript: he ordered them back inside
Predicted Text: he ordered them back inside.

Transcript: you don't deserve my grace
Predicted Text: you don't deserve my grace.

Transcript: taking no chances
Predicted Text: taking no chances.

Transcript: tearing it to the ground
Predicted Text: tearing it to the ground.

Transcript: according to legend
Predicted Text: according to legend,

Transcript: there was a portcullis
Predicted Text: there was a port colors.

Transcript: people sat on the stairs
Predicted Text: people sat on the stairs.

Transcript: which is ideal for it
Predicted Text: which is an ideal for it.

Transcript: cracks will appear
Predicted Text: cracks will appear.

Transcript: someone came out of a neighbouring property and said
Predicted Text: someone came out of a neighbouring property and said...

Transcript: very expensive shed
Predicted Text: very expensive shed.

Transcript: without my sunglasses
Predicted Text: without my sunglasses.

Transcript: even the foreplay
Predicted Text: even the foreplay.

Transcript: and then when it came to his signature
Predicted Text: and then when it came to his signature.

Transcript: it's a baking show
Predicted Text: it's a baking show. it's a baking show.

Transcript: she's pushed herself
Predicted Text: she's pushed herself.

Transcript: it sounds wrong
Predicted Text: if it sounds wrong.

Transcript: what have you learned
Predicted Text: what have you learned?

Transcript: children and adults alike
Predicted Text: children and adults alike.

Transcript: that's a shocking percentage
Predicted Text: that's a shocking percentage.

Transcript: i'm just hopeful
Predicted Text: i'm just hopeful.

Transcript: we have a lot less atmosphere above us
Predicted Text: we have a lot less atmosphere above us.

Transcript: no longer would measurement be based on the human body
Predicted Text: no longer would measurement be based on the human body.

Transcript: no longer dependent on the sun
Predicted Text: they're longer dependent on the sun.

Transcript: while i'm surrounded by water right now
Predicted Text: and while i'm surrounded by water right now.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: our continued pressure
Predicted Text: or continued pressure.

Transcript: and inflammatory photograph
Predicted Text: and inflammatory photograph.

Transcript: inflammatory or terrible images
Predicted Text: inflammatory or terrible images.

Transcript: we have to look at how saudi arabia
Predicted Text: we have to look at how saudi arabia

Transcript: in terms of britain
Predicted Text: in terms of britain.

Transcript: to the average person
Predicted Text: to the average person.

Transcript: there's a fair chance you will be
Predicted Text: there's a fair chance you will be.

Transcript: about 2 million
Predicted Text: it's about two million.

Transcript: when it comes to the issue of equal marriage
Predicted Text: when it comes to the issue of equal marriage.

Transcript: to allow bad surveillance to wither on the vine
Predicted Text: to allow bad surveillance to wither on the vine.

Transcript: if you don't like the slogan
Predicted Text: if you don't like the slogan.

Transcript: you have a problem with it
Predicted Text: you have a problem with it.

Transcript: in all seriousness
Predicted Text: in all seriousness.

Transcript: but it has established the infrastructure of a police state and it could be open to abuse in the
Predicted Text: but it has established the infrastructure of a police state and it could be open to abuse in the...

Transcript: i have nothing to hide
Predicted Text: i have nothing to hide.

Transcript: better street lighting can help
Predicted Text: better street lighting can help.

Transcript: the next generation
Predicted Text: the next generation.

Transcript: i'm not jeremy vine
Predicted Text: i'm not jeremy vine.

Transcript: standing in for your regular host for one week only
Predicted Text: standing in for your regular host for one week only.

Transcript: and what a privilege that is
Predicted Text: and what a privilege that is.

Transcript: if you're watching
Predicted Text: if you're watching.

Transcript: that's all for this week
Predicted Text: that's all for this week.

Transcript: don't you agree
Predicted Text: don't you agree?

Transcript: across 95 miles
Predicted Text: across 95 miles.

Transcript: a floating hotel
Predicted Text: are floating hotel.

Transcript: but before that
Predicted Text: but before that.

Transcript: i can't believe it
Predicted Text: i can't believe it.

Transcript: in the form of a dessert plate
Predicted Text: in the form of a dessert plate.

Transcript: regarding one of britain's most noted
Predicted Text: regarding one of britain's most noted

Transcript: that makes a grand total of six
Predicted Text: that makes a grand total of six.

Transcript: in a modern house
Predicted Text: in a modern house.

Transcript: without further ado
Predicted Text: without further ado.

Transcript: the perfect pint
Predicted Text: the perfect pint.

Transcript: anything could happen
Predicted Text: anything could happen.

Transcript: they're all about the same
Predicted Text: they're all about the same.

Transcript: we have run out of time
Predicted Text: we have run out of time.

Transcript: louise and kevin
Predicted Text: louise and kevin.

Transcript: now they are gathering
Predicted Text: but now they are gathering.

Transcript: all life in the arctic
Predicted Text: all life in the arctic.

Transcript: could we arrange that
Predicted Text: could we arrange that?

Transcript: i was fine yesterday
Predicted Text: i was fine yesterday.

Transcript: let's not mess about
Predicted Text: let's not mess about!

Transcript: what i can tell you
Predicted Text: what i can tell you.

Transcript: this is south well
Predicted Text: this is southwell.

Transcript: the romans felt their presence was strong enough here
Predicted Text: the romans felt their presence was strong enough here.

Transcript: to say to the king
Predicted Text: to say to the king,

Transcript: when he was staying at the palace
Predicted Text: when he was staying at the palace.

Transcript: home to an animal that is right at the top of the food chain
Predicted Text: home to an animal that is right at the top of the food chain.

Transcript: literally two minutes from the airport
Predicted Text: literally two minutes from the airport.

Transcript: maybe more of steel and iron
Predicted Text: and maybe more of still an iron and.

Transcript: which melts more ice
Predicted Text: which melts more ice.

Transcript: think about the melting sea ice
Predicted Text: think about the melting sea ice.

Transcript: again open to the elements
Predicted Text: again open to the elements.

Transcript: very attractive young woman
Predicted Text: very attractive young woman.

Transcript: and that had an important effect
Predicted Text: and that had an important effect.

Transcript: provided by the railways
Predicted Text: provided by the railways.

Transcript: the great thing about the railways is
Predicted Text: that's the great thing about the railways is.

Transcript: everyone arrives at the same place at the same time
Predicted Text: everyone arrives at the same place at the same time.

Transcript: there is one thing
Predicted Text: there is one thing.

Transcript: it might be bonfire night
Predicted Text: it might be bonfire night.

Transcript: of course it will
Predicted Text: of course it will.

Transcript: today's contestants are
Predicted Text: today's contestants are...

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: i feel guilty when i'm at home
Predicted Text: i feel guilty when i'm at home.

Transcript: i will always need you
Predicted Text: i will always need you.

Transcript: thank you very much
Predicted Text: thank you very much.

Transcript: as you might say
Predicted Text: as you might say.

Transcript: but my goodness
Predicted Text: but my goodness.

Transcript: also known as a tandem
Predicted Text: also known as a tandem.

Transcript: so i think it is a piece of very one dimensional left wing propaganda
Predicted Text: so i think it is a piece of very one-dimensional left-wing propaganda.

Transcript: there is a huge crossover between the two
Predicted Text: there is a huge crossover between the two.

Transcript: tax credits are basically benefits
Predicted Text: tax credits are basically benefits.

Transcript: formerly known as simon
Predicted Text: formerly known as simon.

Transcript: i feel like this
Predicted Text: i feel like this.

Transcript: because that's how you are a part of society
Predicted Text: because that's how you're a part of society.

Transcript: before i came out
Predicted Text: before i came out with a

Transcript: or more correctly councils
Predicted Text: or more correctly councils.

Transcript: especially as it relates to children
Predicted Text: especially as it relates to children.

Transcript: they are children
Predicted Text: they are children.

Transcript: i do hope you'll join us then
Predicted Text: i do hope you'll join us then.

Transcript: islam allows polygamy
Predicted Text: islam allows polygamy as a

Transcript: if you haven't caught it yet
Predicted Text: if you haven't caught it yet.

Transcript: herself currently learning to sign
Predicted Text: herself currently learning to sign.

Transcript: some people here tonight prefer subtitles
Predicted Text: some people here tonight prefer subtitles.

Transcript: surely as a matter of principle
Predicted Text: surely as a matter of principle.

Transcript: if you're watching
Predicted Text: if you're watching.

Transcript: standard rates apply
Predicted Text: standard rate supply.

Transcript: hasn't time flown
Predicted Text: hasn't time flown.

Transcript: in the meantime
Predicted Text: in the meantime.

Transcript: when my husband and i are not around
Predicted Text: when my husband and i are not around.

Transcript: asking for permission
Predicted Text: asking for permission.

Transcript: and it was totally normal
Predicted Text: and it was totally normal.

Transcript: that sounds like a pretty crazy job for anyone to be doing
Predicted Text: that sounds like a pretty crazy job for anyone to be doing.

Transcript: all my fingers were hanging off
Predicted Text: all my fingers were hanging off.

Transcript: i went to use my right arm
Predicted Text: i went to use my right arm.

Transcript: he was shot and killed
Predicted Text: he was shot and killed.

Transcript: if i didn't have her
Predicted Text: if i didn't have her.

Transcript: but at the same time
Predicted Text: but at the same time.

Transcript: i'm with mark twain lies
Predicted Text: i'm with mark twain. lies.

Transcript: it's the internet
Predicted Text: it's the internet.

Transcript: and i'm warning you
Predicted Text: and i'm warning you.

Transcript: in the basement
Predicted Text: in the basement.

Transcript: they haven't gone far
Predicted Text: they haven't gone far. they.

Transcript: time now for one of the greatest tv comebacks of our time
Predicted Text: time now for one of the greatest tv comebacks of our time.

Transcript: harold in neighbours
Predicted Text: harold and neighbors.

Transcript: we need to start layering
Predicted Text: we need to start layering.

Transcript: one was a pilot
Predicted Text: one was a pilot.

Transcript: surrender was not an option
Predicted Text: surrender was not an option.

Transcript: many were teenagers about to get their first taste of war
Predicted Text: many were teenagers about to get their first taste of war.

Transcript: i'm terribly sorry
Predicted Text: i'm terribly sorry.

Transcript: he died that very first day
Predicted Text: he died that very first day.

Transcript: this is one of the questions
Predicted Text: this is one of the questions.

Transcript: celebrating 100 years of war films
Predicted Text: celebrating 100 years of war films.

Transcript: where i'm going
Predicted Text: where i'm going you

Transcript: but ten years ago
Predicted Text: but 10 years ago,

Transcript: it could end tonight
Predicted Text: it could end tonight.

Transcript: back in sierra leone
Predicted Text: back in sierra leone.

Transcript: and this wasn't unusual
Predicted Text: and this was an unusual

Transcript: as well as the body
Predicted Text: as well as the body.

Transcript: giving hope and care to others is something our armed forces do without question
Predicted Text: giving hope and care to others is something our armed forces do without question.

Transcript: we heard the story of the nurse anna cross
Predicted Text: we heard the story of the nurse and across.

Transcript: to have no contact at all
Predicted Text: to have no contact at all.

Transcript: she needs to make sure that
Predicted Text: she needs to make sure that

Transcript: they don't call them team pocket rocket for nothing
Predicted Text: they don't call them team pocket rocket for nothing.

Transcript: you've probably got yours
Predicted Text: you've probably got yours.

Transcript: and the weather has been perfect
Predicted Text: and the weather has been perfect.

Transcript: courage under fire
Predicted Text: courage under fire.

Transcript: most of his life
Predicted Text: most of his life he...

Transcript: this is the lord ashcroft gallery
Predicted Text: this is the lord ashcroft gallery.

Transcript: trapped under heavy artillery fire
Predicted Text: trapped under heavy artillery fire.

Transcript: ten days beforehand
Predicted Text: 10 days beforehand on

Transcript: the president elect has met with president obama
Predicted Text: the president-elect has met with president obama.

Transcript: mr trump takes office in january
Predicted Text: mr trump takes office in january.

Transcript: today they talked about the process of transition
Predicted Text: today they talked about the process of transition.

Transcript: we have all the usual suspects
Predicted Text: we have all the usual suspects.

Transcript: anywhere in the world
Predicted Text: anywhere in the world.

Transcript: demonstrates the value of green space
Predicted Text: demonstrates the value of green space is

Transcript: so ten cubic metres
Predicted Text: so 10 cubic meters.

Transcript: i just collapsed
Predicted Text: i'll just collapse the...

Transcript: as we approach remembrance sunday
Predicted Text: as we approach remembrance sunday.

Transcript: i've been involved with the military
Predicted Text: i've been involved with the military.

Transcript: the armed forces
Predicted Text: the armed force is all.

Transcript: that knock on the door is a moment they will never forget
Predicted Text: that knock on the door is a moment they will never forget.

Transcript: who was killed in afghanistan
Predicted Text: who is killed in afghanistan.

Transcript: on a routine visit to an iraqi police station
Predicted Text: on a routine visit to an iraqi police station.

Transcript: killing him and five friends
Predicted Text: killing him and 5 friends.

Transcript: it won't take a moment
Predicted Text: it won't take a moment.

Transcript: so what is the etiquette
Predicted Text: so, what is the etiquette?

Transcript: which is a shame
Predicted Text: which is a shame because

Transcript: between them now
Predicted Text: between them. now. i

Transcript: i have had my fitting now
Predicted Text: i have had my fitting now.

Transcript: mr khan speaking
Predicted Text: mr. khan speaking

Transcript: if we have learned one thing over the past year
Predicted Text: if we have learned one thing over the past year...

Transcript: i don't really want to go
Predicted Text: i don't really want to go.

Transcript: rising above it
Predicted Text: rising above it.

Transcript: the olympic swimmer
Predicted Text: the olympics river.

Transcript: i wish i was more like you
Predicted Text: i wish i was more like you.

Transcript: why don't we all just get along
Predicted Text: why don't we all just get along?

Transcript: a tribal nation
Predicted Text: a tribal nation.

Transcript: which upset some of our female residents
Predicted Text: which upset some of our female residents.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: puerto rican style
Predicted Text: health glue to trapys alpha so it's going to gluten that's actually going to

Transcript: it was really nice
Predicted Text: it was really nice.

Transcript: you won't have long
Predicted Text: you won't have long.

Transcript: on this remembrance weekend
Predicted Text: on this remembrance weekend.

Transcript: an opportunity to pay tribute to all members of the armed forces
Predicted Text: an opportunity to pay tribute to all members of the armed forces.

Transcript: if you've got it
Predicted Text: if you've got it.

Transcript: we would love to sell it
Predicted Text: we would love to sell it.

Transcript: we would love to see you
Predicted Text: we would love to see you.

Transcript: only seven places remain
Predicted Text: only seven places remain.

Transcript: like many others
Predicted Text: like many others.

Transcript: great leonard cohen
Predicted Text: great leonard cohen.

Transcript: i love weddings
Predicted Text: i love weddings.

Transcript: i've got a better idea
Predicted Text: i've got a better idea.

Transcript: why don't we all object
Predicted Text: why don't we all object?

Transcript: that was amazing
Predicted Text: that was amazing.

Transcript: it was an incredible performance
Predicted Text: it was an incredible performance.

Transcript: it was incredible entertainment
Predicted Text: it was incredible entertainment.

Transcript: up until last week
Predicted Text: up until last week.

Transcript: the man takes the lead
Predicted Text: the man takes the lead.

Transcript: it's time now for everything in between
Predicted Text: it's time now for everything in between.

Transcript: i really appreciate it
Predicted Text: i really appreciate it.

Transcript: it's all based on this 58 page report prepared for the european commission
Predicted Text: it's all based on this 58 page report prepared for the european commission.

Transcript: but when you look inside
Predicted Text: but when you look inside...

Transcript: they get lost on the way home
Predicted Text: they get lost on the way home.

Transcript: and you've got every right to be
Predicted Text: and you've got every right to be.

Transcript: having said that
Predicted Text: having said that.

Transcript: that was fast and furious
Predicted Text: that was fast and furious.

Transcript: done and dusted
Predicted Text: done and dusted with

Transcript: that's not an ancient roman mask
Predicted Text: that's not an ancient roman mask.

Transcript: he's japanese made
Predicted Text: he's japanese made. yeah.

Transcript: which a lot of them were
Predicted Text: which a lot of them were.

Transcript: our journey isn't over yet
Predicted Text: our journey isn't over yet.

Transcript: and it's not just any old tuesday
Predicted Text: and it's not just any old tuesday.

Transcript: who knew that one man
Predicted Text: who knew that one man.

Transcript: but it might be too late by then
Predicted Text: but it might be too late by then.

Transcript: i don't think so
Predicted Text: i don't think so.

Transcript: from what we know
Predicted Text: from what we know.

Transcript: thank you very much
Predicted Text: thank you very much.

Transcript: graham baron ash
Predicted Text: graham baron ash.

Transcript: and they were the first people
Predicted Text: and they were the first people to-

Transcript: earlier this month
Predicted Text: earlier this month.

Transcript: it was brilliant
Predicted Text: it was pretty in there.

Transcript: furniture or objects like that
Predicted Text: furniture up objects like that.

Transcript: it was made in germany
Predicted Text: it was made in germany.

Transcript: no one would look twice
Predicted Text: no one would look twice.

Transcript: and i'm pretty sure his push bike came in very handy
Predicted Text: and i'm pretty sure his push bike came in very handy.

Transcript: they were so inspired by it
Predicted Text: they were so inspired by it.

Transcript: check the details on our website
Predicted Text: check the details on our website.

Transcript: learn as much as possible
Predicted Text: learn as much as possible.

Transcript: keep going on about this
Predicted Text: keep going on about this.

Transcript: i do nothing wrong
Predicted Text: i do nothing wrong.

Transcript: what do you think
Predicted Text: and there's somebody saying, what do you think?

Transcript: this is where the surprises happen
Predicted Text: this is where the surprises happen.

Transcript: it's time to return to wolverhampton
Predicted Text: it's time to return to wolverhampton.

Transcript: they decided to tie the knot
Predicted Text: they decided to tie the knot.

Transcript: everywhere you go around here
Predicted Text: everywhere you go around here.

Transcript: we have some unfinished business to do in the auction room
Predicted Text: we have some unfinished business to do in the auction room.

Transcript: we have gone digital
Predicted Text: we have gone digital.

Transcript: and after reaching out to him on the show
Predicted Text: and after reaching out to him on the show.

Transcript: run for cover if you can
Predicted Text: run for cover if you can.

Transcript: they are under a lot of stress
Predicted Text: they are under a lot of stress.

Transcript: with that in mind
Predicted Text: without in mind, we're...

Transcript: welcome to the tower
Predicted Text: welcome to the tower.

Transcript: was it your choice
Predicted Text: was it your choice?

Transcript: you really feel a part of it
Predicted Text: you really feel a part of it.

Transcript: so wonderful to see that
Predicted Text: and so wonderful to see that.

Transcript: talking about this
Predicted Text: talking about this stuff.

Transcript: for me it doesn't make sense
Predicted Text: for me, it doesn't make sense.

Transcript: if we have a belief in reincarnation
Predicted Text: if we have a belief in reincarnation.

Transcript: even though her father at that time disagreed
Predicted Text: even though her father at that time disagreed.

Transcript: so when the body is brought back
Predicted Text: so when the body is brought back.

Transcript: my first granddaughter
Predicted Text: my first granddaughter.

Transcript: non violent offences
Predicted Text: non-violent offenses.

Transcript: there are a lot of people
Predicted Text: there are a lot of people.

Transcript: around the world
Predicted Text: around the world.

Transcript: but i come across training prisons now
Predicted Text: but i come across training prisons now.

Transcript: the cost of this failure
Predicted Text: let's have a look at the cost of this failure.

Transcript: the average cost of keeping a person in prison is 36
Predicted Text: at the average cost of keeping a person in prison is 36.

Transcript: the most famous of them all have to be the works of the bronte sisters
Predicted Text: the most famous of them all have to be the works of the bronte sisters and

Transcript: in terms of fire service resources
Predicted Text: in terms of fire service resources.

Transcript: rather than using drugs
Predicted Text: rather than using drugs.

Transcript: that's good news
Predicted Text: that's good news.

Transcript: the big question is
Predicted Text: the big question is...

Transcript: have you ordered yours yet
Predicted Text: have you ordered yours yet?

Transcript: but these are one of the most wary birds in the world
Predicted Text: but these are one of the most wary birds in the world.

Transcript: that's not what i was expecting at all
Predicted Text: that's not what i was expecting at all.

Transcript: i love syllables
Predicted Text: i love sedibles man.

Transcript: and you know what this means
Predicted Text: and you know what this means.

Transcript: we might find some maritime memorabilia
Predicted Text: we might find some maritime memorabilia.

Transcript: it's a wonderful
Predicted Text: it's a wonderful evening.

Transcript: stocks and shares
Predicted Text: stocks and shares.

Transcript: and in the process of me not offending god
Predicted Text: and in the process of me not offending god.

Transcript: i don't care what the cost is
Predicted Text: i don't care what the cost is.

Transcript: because the whole point of 9 11 is that it's the justification for the police state
Predicted Text: because the whole point of 9 11 is that it's the justification for the police state.

Transcript: and i guess that's what's happening here
Predicted Text: and i guess that's what's happening here.

Transcript: and from what i've heard
Predicted Text: and from what i've heard.

Transcript: and it's all about the context
Predicted Text: and it's all about the context.

Transcript: child of the millennium
Predicted Text: child of the millennium.

Transcript: two appointments later
Predicted Text: two appointments later.

Transcript: the man who cares about animals
Predicted Text: the man who cares about animals can...

Transcript: guess what i'm talking about right now
Predicted Text: guess what i'm talking about right now.

Transcript: here to give us a rundown of the greatest facial choreography ever seen on the box
Predicted Text: here to give us a rundown of the greatest facial choreography ever seen on the box.

Transcript: face to really tell the story
Predicted Text: face to really tell the story.

Transcript: get yourself over here because first up tonight
Predicted Text: or get yourself over here because first up tonight.

Transcript: if you want to know what the kids are listening to these days
Predicted Text: if you want to know what the kids are listening to these days, they're...

Transcript: louise and kevin
Predicted Text: louise and kevin.

Transcript: and it's the one that
Predicted Text: and it's the one that

Transcript: that was beautiful
Predicted Text: that was beautiful.

Transcript: on international women's day
Predicted Text: on international women's states.

Transcript: and went on the ordinary wing
Predicted Text: and went on the ordinary wing.

Transcript: the duke of gloucester
Predicted Text: the duke of gloucester.

Transcript: and you know that
Predicted Text: and you know that.

Transcript: we have the delectable neil jones
Predicted Text: we had the delectable neil jones.

Transcript: but don't worry
Predicted Text: but don't worry.

Transcript: that was some time ago
Predicted Text: well, that was some time ago.

Transcript: real friends that care about me
Predicted Text: real friends that care about me.

Transcript: clearly they do
Predicted Text: clearly they do.

Transcript: you don't need it
Predicted Text: you don't need it.

Transcript: the reason being
Predicted Text: the reason being.

Transcript: the president's chair
Predicted Text: the president's chair.

Transcript: not to think for themselves
Predicted Text: not to think for themselves.

Transcript: that is a first
Predicted Text: that is a first.

Transcript: with my blessing
Predicted Text: with my blessing.

Transcript: that's the message from independent economists after the chancellor's autumn statement
Predicted Text: that's the message from independent economists after the chancellor's autumn statement.

Transcript: and with that in mind
Predicted Text: and with that in mind.

Transcript: his father died
Predicted Text: his father died.

Transcript: not just here in nottinghamshire
Predicted Text: it's not just hearing not to him, sure.

Transcript: but it seems the pendant is to everyone's personal taste
Predicted Text: but it seems the pendant is to everyone's personal taste.

Transcript: it's time to find out if nigel
Predicted Text: it's time to find out if nigel or...

Transcript: remember that man with the camera
Predicted Text: remember that man with the camera?

Transcript: and you can follow us
Predicted Text: and you can follow us.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: but it's not all bad news
Predicted Text: but he's not all battens.

Transcript: i do know what it means
Predicted Text: i do know what it means.

Transcript: when i found out
Predicted Text: well, not a foul guy.

Transcript: after all i've been through
Predicted Text: after all i've been through.

Transcript: i want to talk about daddy too
Predicted Text: i want to talk about daddy, too.

Transcript: everyone was blown away
Predicted Text: everybody was blown away.

Transcript: we still have all of this to come
Predicted Text: we still have all of this to come.

Transcript: i want to take a selfie
Predicted Text: i want to take a selfie.

Transcript: rescuing a damsel in distress
Predicted Text: rescuing a damsel in distress.

Transcript: all of that could change
Predicted Text: all of that could change.

Transcript: but what exactly is it
Predicted Text: but what exactly is it?

Transcript: how does it work
Predicted Text: how does it work?

Transcript: there's always historical treasures to look at
Predicted Text: there's always historical treasures to look at.

Transcript: fast and furious
Predicted Text: fast and furious.

Transcript: and later in turn
Predicted Text: and later in turn.

Transcript: later on in life
Predicted Text: later on in life.

Transcript: he moved around a lot
Predicted Text: if you moved around a lot.

Transcript: as is the title of this poem
Predicted Text: as is the title of this poem.

Transcript: four kilometres without even really thinking about it
Predicted Text: four kilometers without even really thinking about it.

Transcript: in the highway code itself
Predicted Text: in the highway code itself.

Transcript: so in the meantime
Predicted Text: so, in the meantime...

Transcript: through antibody directed therapy
Predicted Text: through antibody-directed therapies.

Transcript: and i feel very
Predicted Text: and i feel very...

Transcript: i'm your simon cowell
Predicted Text: i'm your simon cowell.

Transcript: for some reason
Predicted Text: for some reason.

Transcript: i just can't seem to win
Predicted Text: i just can't seem to win.

Transcript: it'll be a brilliant success
Predicted Text: it'll be a brilliant success.

Transcript: he retrieved the flag
Predicted Text: he retrieved the flag.

Transcript: i'm struggling with that one
Predicted Text: i'm struggling with that one.

Transcript: he's a latin sensation
Predicted Text: he's a latin sensation.

Transcript: born into a family of dancers
Predicted Text: born into a family of dancers.

Transcript: i made a few calls
Predicted Text: i made a few calls.

Transcript: as well as the green man
Predicted Text: as well as the green man.

Transcript: this is extremely rare and valuable
Predicted Text: this is extremely rare and valuable.

Transcript: not for subject matter
Predicted Text: not the subject matter.

Transcript: i hasten to add
Predicted Text: i hasten to admit.

Transcript: here on the day
Predicted Text: here on the day.

Transcript: but i felt he was exposed
Predicted Text: but i felt he was exposed.

Transcript: and you and him
Predicted Text: and you and him.

Transcript: will appear in court next month
Predicted Text: will appear in court next month.

Transcript: and the champagne
Predicted Text: i'm the champagne.

Transcript: before we bring on our next contender
Predicted Text: before we bring on our next contender.

Transcript: if you've got a question for either of them
Predicted Text: if you've got a question for either of them.

Transcript: so to do ballroom
Predicted Text: so to do ballroom.

Transcript: i am the ultimate power
Predicted Text: i am the ultimate power.

Transcript: it is the quarter finals
Predicted Text: it is the quarterfinals.

Transcript: we had a blazing row
Predicted Text: we had a blazing round.

Transcript: when he retired
Predicted Text: when he retired.

Transcript: the family seat
Predicted Text: the family seat.

Transcript: please welcome jenny eclair
Predicted Text: please welcome jenny eclaire.

Transcript: it's a movie theme
Predicted Text: it's a movie theme.

Transcript: they have no idea what to expect
Predicted Text: they have no idea what to expect.

Transcript: two and a half minutes for that round
Predicted Text: two and a half minutes for that round.

Transcript: so let's get on with it
Predicted Text: so let's get on with it.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: i'm not satisfied
Predicted Text: i'm not satisfied.

Transcript: it's on our cable package
Predicted Text: it's on our cable package.

Transcript: when we see him
Predicted Text: when we see him.

Transcript: you want me to be happy
Predicted Text: if you want me to be happy, don't...

Transcript: what season was that
Predicted Text: what season was that?

Transcript: no food left out
Predicted Text: no food left out.

Transcript: i'll meet you at the party
Predicted Text: i'll meet you at the party.

Transcript: probably in the world
Predicted Text: probably in the world.

Transcript: i'm really looking forward to this
Predicted Text: i'm really looking forward to this.

Transcript: and it's even rarer to find one that hasn't been dug into by antiquarians
Predicted Text: and it's even rarer to find one that hasn't been dug into by antiquarians.

Transcript: what we've got here is an opportunity to understand one of these monuments in a modern
Predicted Text: what we've got here is an opportunity to understand one of these monuments in a modern

Transcript: and people living
Predicted Text: and people living.

Transcript: it's about the dead
Predicted Text: it's about my dad.

Transcript: a purification ceremony
Predicted Text: a purification ceremony.

Transcript: it's almost an old person
Predicted Text: it's almost an old person, you know.

Transcript: and this might be
Predicted Text: and this might be...

Transcript: every single person
Predicted Text: every single person.

Transcript: that's the best kind of teaching
Predicted Text: that's the best kind of teaching.

Transcript: i had a great time
Predicted Text: i had a great time.

Transcript: that's what child support services does
Predicted Text: that's what child support services does.

Transcript: nicola is definitely the love of my life
Predicted Text: nuclear is definitely the love of my life.

Transcript: she's my juliet
Predicted Text: she's my juliet.

Transcript: the rochelle to my marvin
Predicted Text: there was shell to my marvin.

Transcript: i guess i'm afraid
Predicted Text: i guess i'm afraid.

Transcript: i like spending time with him
Predicted Text: i like spending time with him but

Transcript: and it is a service
Predicted Text: and it is a service.

Transcript: she's got the best top line in the business
Predicted Text: she's got the best top line in the business.

Transcript: so i don't know
Predicted Text: thanks so i don't know.

Transcript: that's what you said
Predicted Text: that's what you said.

Transcript: it's just a name
Predicted Text: it is just a name.

Transcript: i've been waxed
Predicted Text: i've been waxed.

Transcript: talk about smart
Predicted Text: talk a bit smart.

Transcript: my little boy is
Predicted Text: my little boy is...

Transcript: that seems to me like a pretty impressive perk of the job by anybody's standards
Predicted Text: that seems to me like a pretty impressive perk of the job by anybody's standards.

Transcript: we bought the firm back
Predicted Text: we bought the firm back.

Transcript: enjoy the money
Predicted Text: enjoy the money.

Transcript: embossed leather wallpaper
Predicted Text: embossed leather wallpaper.

Transcript: i'm getting older
Predicted Text: i'm getting older.

Transcript: i'll be popping in each evening
Predicted Text: i'll be popping in each evening.

Transcript: join me tomorrow
Predicted Text: join me tomorrow.

Transcript: but she's not confused
Predicted Text: but she's not confused.

Transcript: you need to be strong up here
Predicted Text: you need to be strong up here.

Transcript: make sure you never get depressed again
Predicted Text: make sure you never get suppressed again.

Transcript: with billy not being yours
Predicted Text: with billy not being yours.

Transcript: when it comes to designing fabulous costumes
Predicted Text: when it comes to designing fabulous costumes.

Transcript: they are battling to be crowned pro challenge champion
Predicted Text: they are battling to be crowned pro challenge champion.

Transcript: the prime minister slaps him down
Predicted Text: the prime minister slaps him down.

Transcript: how big is that
Predicted Text: how big is that?

Transcript: separated from that
Predicted Text: separated from that.

Transcript: coming in on the other side
Predicted Text: coming in on the other side.

Transcript: what did you put in the mulled wine
Predicted Text: what did you put in the melt line?

Transcript: it's a terrible idea
Predicted Text: it's a terrible idea.

Transcript: and they don't make big money
Predicted Text: and they don't make big money.

Transcript: everywhere you look
Predicted Text: everywhere you look.

Transcript: you've really made my day
Predicted Text: you really make my day.

Transcript: and we have today
Predicted Text: and we have today's...

Transcript: men want to be him
Predicted Text: men want to be him or

Transcript: he absolutely insisted on writing his own intro
Predicted Text: he absolutely insisted on writing his own intro.

Transcript: with family and friends
Predicted Text: with family and friends.

Transcript: it's all about the strictly pro challenge
Predicted Text: it's all about the strictly pro challenge.

Transcript: before we go any further
Predicted Text: but before we can go any further.

Transcript: the six highest scoring runners up will qualify
Predicted Text: the six, higher scoring runners-up will qualify.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: just before christmas
Predicted Text: just before christmas.

Transcript: that's it for the reds
Predicted Text: that's it for the reds.

Transcript: i think she's completely bonkers
Predicted Text: i think she's completely bonkers.

Transcript: you are dynamic
Predicted Text: you are dynamic.

Transcript: it was full of content
Predicted Text: it was full of content.

Transcript: as i was saying
Predicted Text: as lemma said.

Transcript: it's actually a salsa
Predicted Text: it's actually a salsa.

Transcript: the garden of england
Predicted Text: the garden of england.

Transcript: you can get a better structure
Predicted Text: you can get a better structure if you don't.

Transcript: every year since christmas began
Predicted Text: every year since christmas began.

Transcript: way back in the early
Predicted Text: way back in the early.

Transcript: i actually wanted to be a horse
Predicted Text: i actually wanted to be a horse.

Transcript: usually a bicycle
Predicted Text: usually a bicycle.

Transcript: through the accessibility to those children
Predicted Text: through the accessibility to those children.

Transcript: like most other forms of modern warfare
Predicted Text: like most other forms of modern warfare.

Transcript: you do love your doll
Predicted Text: you do love your doll.

Transcript: they were innocent and charming
Predicted Text: they were innocent and charming.

Transcript: you want to look
Predicted Text: you want to look.

Transcript: or is it that you enjoy those toys and it makes you into a different person
Predicted Text: or is it that you enjoy those toys and it makes you into a different person.

Transcript: space was still the final frontier
Predicted Text: space was still the final frontier.

Transcript: it looks really like it is
Predicted Text: it looks really like it is.

Transcript: when i get home
Predicted Text: when i get home.

Transcript: the ball shaped one
Predicted Text: the ball shaped one.

Transcript: you see that present
Predicted Text: you see that present.

Transcript: so what he did to get round that
Predicted Text: so what he did to get around that, yeah.

Transcript: but in those days
Predicted Text: but in those days.

Transcript: it becomes a fire engine
Predicted Text: it becomes a fire engine.

Transcript: four little turtles named after italian renaissance artists
Predicted Text: four little turtles named after italian renaissance artists.

Transcript: some burn brightly for a year or two
Predicted Text: some burn brightly for a year or two but

Transcript: if you didn't have one
Predicted Text: if you didn't have one.

Transcript: what was all that about
Predicted Text: what was all that about?

Transcript: already in the states
Predicted Text: already in the states.

Transcript: the right place
Predicted Text: the right place.

Transcript: nothing wrong with that idea in principle
Predicted Text: nothing wrong with that idea in principle.

Transcript: sausages in bacon
Predicted Text: sausages in bacon.

Transcript: christmas pudding that nobody really likes
Predicted Text: christmas pudding that nobody really likes.

Transcript: stick some james bond on
Predicted Text: stick some james bond on.

Transcript: that someone was going to get
Predicted Text: that someone was going to get.

Transcript: you can't really say
Predicted Text: you can't really say.

Transcript: not in front of the whole family
Predicted Text: not in front of the whole family.

Transcript: you unfold the board
Predicted Text: you unfold the board.

Transcript: at the same time
Predicted Text: at the same time.

Transcript: in victorian britain
Predicted Text: in victorian britain.

Transcript: on the orders of queen victoria
Predicted Text: on the orders of queen victoria.

Transcript: i think he's perfect
Predicted Text: i think he's perfect.

Transcript: when it comes to toys
Predicted Text: when it comes to toys.

Transcript: maybe not uranium
Predicted Text: maybe not uranium.

Transcript: but i like to see it
Predicted Text: but i like to see it.

Transcript: we like to reminisce
Predicted Text: like we like to reminisce.

Transcript: for that reason
Predicted Text: for that reason i...

Transcript: this really makes us think
Predicted Text: this really makes us think.

Transcript: maybe there's an extensive pattern
Predicted Text: maybe there's an extensive pattern.

Transcript: when the archaeologists got to work
Predicted Text: when the archaeologist got to work.

Transcript: i'm trying not to get carried away
Predicted Text: i'm trying not to get carried away.

Transcript: it really was that bad
Predicted Text: it really was that bad.

Transcript: they will not do
Predicted Text: they will not do.

Transcript: let's take a look behind the scenes at how it all came
Predicted Text: let's take a look behind the scenes at how it all came to...

Transcript: time now for our next guest
Predicted Text: time now for our next guessing.

Transcript: over the last 12 years
Predicted Text: over the last 12 years.

Transcript: why show me this
Predicted Text: why show me this?

Transcript: i'm on the case
Predicted Text: i'm on the case.

Transcript: even christmas day
Predicted Text: even christmas day.

Transcript: but towards the end
Predicted Text: but towards the end.

Transcript: he has not held back anything
Predicted Text: he has not held back anything.

Transcript: but it was so disconcertingly calm in the studio
Predicted Text: but it was so disconcertingly calm in the studio.

Transcript: here to reveal the secret to getting your hands on the trophy
Predicted Text: here to reveal the secret to getting your hands on the trophy.

Transcript: i shouldn't say those things
Predicted Text: i shouldn't say those things. i...

Transcript: what else can i be
Predicted Text: what else can i be?

Transcript: not well dressed
Predicted Text: not well dressed.

Transcript: she is married now
Predicted Text: she is married now.

Transcript: best and happiest of all
Predicted Text: best and happiest of all.

Transcript: the time before him was his own
Predicted Text: the time before him was his own.

Transcript: that's what i am
Predicted Text: that's what i am.

Transcript: it sounds very good
Predicted Text: it sounds very good.

Transcript: she's depressed about daddy
Predicted Text: she's depressed about daddy.

Transcript: now you listen to me
Predicted Text: now, you listen to me.

Transcript: i'm still surrounded by hundreds of people
Predicted Text: i'm still surrounded by hundreds of people.

Transcript: all the information will be there
Predicted Text: all the information will be there.

Transcript: every week he comes out
Predicted Text: every week he comes out.

Transcript: the rivalry and all that
Predicted Text: and the rivalry and all that.

Transcript: leave that to me
Predicted Text: leave that to me.

Transcript: but for all that
Predicted Text: but for all that...

Transcript: i'd like to help you
Predicted Text: i'd like to help you.

Transcript: i don't want to resign
Predicted Text: i don't want to resign that.

Transcript: which is incredible
Predicted Text: which is incredible.

Transcript: i had no idea how much
Predicted Text: i had no idea how much.

Transcript: at the same time
Predicted Text: but at the same time.

Transcript: so let's find out who that will be
Predicted Text: so let's find out who that will be.

Transcript: some decent scores
Predicted Text: some decent scores.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: the perfect house
Predicted Text: the perfect house.

Transcript: the perfect family
Predicted Text: the perfect family.

Transcript: and as a result
Predicted Text: and as a result, it's...

Transcript: the first muslim woman to serve as a cabinet minister
Predicted Text: the first muslim woman to serve as a cabinet minister.

Transcript: it's not the middle ages
Predicted Text: it's not the middle ages.

Transcript: he doesn't own me
Predicted Text: he doesn't own me.

Transcript: so please welcome
Predicted Text: so please welcome...

Transcript: it was actually extremely well placed
Predicted Text: it was actually extremely well placed.

Transcript: please don't try to vote if you're watching on demand
Predicted Text: please don't try to vote if you're watching on demand.

Transcript: tension and emotion
Predicted Text: attention and emotion.

Transcript: and it's perfect for tonight
Predicted Text: and it's perfect for tonight.

Transcript: can they improve on that score and possibly run away with the trophy
Predicted Text: can they improve on that score and possibly run away with the trophy?

Transcript: that was within budget
Predicted Text: now that was within budget.

Transcript: for the audience at home
Predicted Text: for the audience at home.

Transcript: the rise of may
Predicted Text: the right of making.

Transcript: proper street food is great
Predicted Text: and proper street fruit is great.

Transcript: you don't have to be a celebrity
Predicted Text: you don't have to be a celebrity or a...

Transcript: and you can follow us on twitter
Predicted Text: and you can follow us on twitter.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: if you can have sex
Predicted Text: if you can have sex.

Transcript: tickets for the match
Predicted Text: take us for the match.

Transcript: it's not a career
Predicted Text: it's not a career.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: fame and fortune
Predicted Text: onstage facilitiesfeamilyn".

Transcript: i'm not afraid of being challenged
Predicted Text: i'm not afraid of being challenged.

Transcript: there's no wrong way
Predicted Text: there's no wrong way.

Transcript: and you can follow us on twitter
Predicted Text: and you can follow us on twitter.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: in this case a flower
Predicted Text: in this case a flower.

Transcript: as animals are preparing for the winter
Predicted Text: as animals are preparing for the winter.

Transcript: but there's a problem
Predicted Text: but there's a problem.

Transcript: cheat and steal from one another to get themselves a decent meal
Predicted Text: cheat and steal from one another to get themselves a decent meal.

Transcript: it seemed to be
Predicted Text: it seemed to be.

Transcript: i do miss it a little bit
Predicted Text: so i do miss it a little bit.

Transcript: this is all you
Predicted Text: this is all you.

Transcript: before you know it
Predicted Text: before you know it.

Transcript: you go to bed with it
Predicted Text: you go to bed with it, you...

Transcript: and your family and your kids and your other jobs
Predicted Text: and your family and your kids and your other jobs.

Transcript: that was amazing
Predicted Text: that was amazing.

Transcript: the longer you stay in
Predicted Text: the longest day in the...

Transcript: because you work so hard
Predicted Text: because you work so hard.

Transcript: if you go wrong
Predicted Text: if you go wrong.

Transcript: go about telling him that
Predicted Text: go about telling him that...

Transcript: for good reasons and bad reasons
Predicted Text: for good reasons and bad reasons.

Transcript: if they start from here
Predicted Text: if they start from here.

Transcript: obsessed with this show
Predicted Text: obsessed with this show.

Transcript: if i had my way
Predicted Text: if i have my way.

Transcript: if we have a little argument
Predicted Text: if we have a little argument.

Transcript: so when he gets grumpy it's like
Predicted Text: so when he gets grumpy it's like

Transcript: let's say for example
Predicted Text: let's say, for example, i...

Transcript: i'm sure you can imagine
Predicted Text: i'm sure you can imagine.

Transcript: she is hysterical
Predicted Text: she is hysterical.

Transcript: when i was a kid
Predicted Text: and when i was a kid, my...

Transcript: very high level
Predicted Text: very high level.

Transcript: going all over the world
Predicted Text: going all over the world.

Transcript: people are happy to be there and it's a good vibe
Predicted Text: people are happy to be there and it's a good vibe.

Transcript: everywhere you turn
Predicted Text: everywhere you turn.

Transcript: because they've got to
Predicted Text: because they've got to...

Transcript: just working with him every week is such a treat
Predicted Text: just working with him every week is such a treat.

Transcript: which was quite amusing
Predicted Text: which was quite amusing.

Transcript: that's a pickled walnut
Predicted Text: that's a pickled walnut.

Transcript: you have to go and buy biscuits
Predicted Text: you have to go and buy biscuits.

Transcript: you're wasting your time
Predicted Text: you're wasting your time.

Transcript: they all came and went
Predicted Text: they all came and went.

Transcript: it didn't survive
Predicted Text: it didn't survive.

Transcript: so you should be
Predicted Text: and show you should be.

Transcript: right on the front
Predicted Text: raj on the front.

Transcript: in this country
Predicted Text: in his country.

Transcript: twice during the first world war
Predicted Text: twice during the first world war.

Transcript: she never let on
Predicted Text: she never let on.

Transcript: so you know who he really is
Predicted Text: so you know who he really is.

Transcript: so please welcome
Predicted Text: so please welcome...

Transcript: this could be a first class routine
Predicted Text: this could be a first-class routine.

Transcript: everyone on the show really
Predicted Text: everyone on the show really

Transcript: with white christmas
Predicted Text: with white christmas.

Transcript: being on my own
Predicted Text: being on my own.

Transcript: although i can't imagine why
Predicted Text: although i can't imagine why.

Transcript: because i just want to help
Predicted Text: because i just want to help.

Transcript: and let's face it
Predicted Text: from their spaces.

Transcript: project management is really my specialist area
Predicted Text: project management is really my specialist area.

Transcript: to be completely honest
Predicted Text: to be completely honest.

Transcript: the sheer size and power can be intimidating
Predicted Text: the sheer size and power can be intimidating.

Transcript: but there was even better news
Predicted Text: but there was even better news.

Transcript: represented by this bunch of bananas
Predicted Text: represented by this bunch of bananas.

Transcript: it's down to our brain getting things wrong
Predicted Text: it's down to our brain getting things wrong.

Transcript: he was about to find out
Predicted Text: he was about to find out.

Transcript: the forces of nature separate out
Predicted Text: the force of nature separates out.

Transcript: neutrons and electrons
Predicted Text: neutrons and electrons.

Transcript: but when you open the box
Predicted Text: but when you open the box,

Transcript: that's not right
Predicted Text: that's not right.

Transcript: in this universe
Predicted Text: in this universe.

Transcript: and it might seem ridiculous
Predicted Text: and it might seem ridiculous.

Transcript: 12 miles in diameter
Predicted Text: 12 miles in diameter.

Transcript: stretching back 3
Predicted Text: stretching back three points.

Transcript: staggering on the edge of space
Predicted Text: staggering on the edge of space.

Transcript: pondering the immensity
Predicted Text: pondering the immensity.

Transcript: we live in a tiny
Predicted Text: we live in a tiny...

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: you think i did this
Predicted Text: you think i did this-

Transcript: it's all about rarity
Predicted Text: it's all about rarity.

Transcript: as opposed to chinese
Predicted Text: as opposed to chinese.

Transcript: but i couldn't believe it would be true
Predicted Text: but i couldn't believe it would be true.

Transcript: if you've got a good story
Predicted Text: if you've got a good story.

Transcript: and the man who made the discovery
Predicted Text: and the man who made the discovery.

Transcript: but everyone going into the den gets a fresh chance to turn things round
Predicted Text: but everyone going into the den gets a fresh chance to turn things round.

Transcript: you just have to grab an opportunity when it presents itself
Predicted Text: you just have to grab an opportunity when it presents itself.

Transcript: but slightly rebellious socks
Predicted Text: but slightly rebellious socks.

Transcript: don't forget that scarecrow
Predicted Text: don't forget that scarecrow.

Transcript: maybe to somewhere nice and safe
Predicted Text: maybe to somewhere nice and safe.

Transcript: i'm not sure what's the most difficult thing to get right
Predicted Text: i'm not sure what's the most difficult thing to get, right?

Transcript: gardens never finish
Predicted Text: gardens never finish.

Transcript: you should never be put off
Predicted Text: she never would be put off.

Transcript: people getting in touch and wanting to rectify wrongs
Predicted Text: people getting in touch and wanting to rectify wrongs.

Transcript: there are times i like to listen to bananarama
Predicted Text: there are times i like to listen to banana armor.

Transcript: and yet that and fish and chips
Predicted Text: and yet that's in fish and chips.

Transcript: let's just calm down
Predicted Text: let's just calm down.

Transcript: the day just got weirder and weirder
Predicted Text: the day just got weirder and weirder.

Transcript: back to the history books
Predicted Text: back to the history books.

Transcript: it's practically a vegetarian
Predicted Text: it's practically a vegetarian.

Transcript: how does the plant attract the bat
Predicted Text: how does the plant attract the bat?

Transcript: the bat benefits
Predicted Text: the bad benefits.

Transcript: it's also come up with a structure that acts as an advertisement which says
Predicted Text: it's also come up with a structure that acts as an advertisement which says

Transcript: this is the best bat hotel in town
Predicted Text: this is the best bat hotel in town.

Transcript: that's why i get up in the morning
Predicted Text: that's why i get up in the morning.

Transcript: two minutes on general knowledge
Predicted Text: two minutes on general knowledge.

Transcript: all in the glare of the spotlight
Predicted Text: all in the glare of the spotlight.

Transcript: so what did you do before
Predicted Text: so what did you do before?

Transcript: but you have to go
Predicted Text: you even know, if a stranger mcenlan tells you to get shawn feeling on mom's own playing

Transcript: and she was being interviewed by the american journalists
Predicted Text: and she was being interviewed by the american journalists.

Transcript: in all seriousness
Predicted Text: in all seriousness.

Transcript: we did a different version of things and then
Predicted Text: we did a different version of things and then

Transcript: and then turned to me and said
Predicted Text: and then turned to me and said

Transcript: i hadn't thought that
Predicted Text: i hadn't thought that.

Transcript: that would be fantastic
Predicted Text: that would be fantastic.

Transcript: played by jim broadbent
Predicted Text: and play by general ben.

Transcript: every two weeks
Predicted Text: every two weeks.

Transcript: that's what they do
Predicted Text: that's what they do.

Transcript: before we begin
Predicted Text: before we begin.

Transcript: and on this fateful evening
Predicted Text: and on this fateful evening.

Transcript: what's your name
Predicted Text: what's your name?

Transcript: i don't believe in fairies
Predicted Text: i don't believe in fairies.

Transcript: then we must rescue her
Predicted Text: than we must rescue her.

Transcript: and with stealth
Predicted Text: and with stealth.

Transcript: he made a move on me
Predicted Text: he made a move on me.

Transcript: we've not discussed it
Predicted Text: we've not discussed it.

Transcript: and we run love
Predicted Text: and we run love.

Transcript: how do i choose this
Predicted Text: how do i choose this?

Transcript: we've got 24 characters
Predicted Text: and we've got 24 characters.

Transcript: following those words
Predicted Text: following those words.

Transcript: i think you deserve
Predicted Text: i think you deserve that.

Transcript: a striking contrast
Predicted Text: a striking contrast.

Transcript: very similar to fishing
Predicted Text: very similar to fishing.

Transcript: it's like looking at art
Predicted Text: it's like looking at artists.

Transcript: it might be conceptual
Predicted Text: it might be conceptual.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: here's some ideas
Predicted Text: here's my dears.

Transcript: a place which is hard to live
Predicted Text: a place which is hard to live.

Transcript: and the farmers opening it up
Predicted Text: and the farm is opening it up.

Transcript: so when the farmers come
Predicted Text: so when the farmers come...

Transcript: there's more woodland
Predicted Text: there's more woodland.

Transcript: don't tell anyone
Predicted Text: i don't tell anyone.

Transcript: we have no more money
Predicted Text: we have no more money.

Transcript: we are the criminals
Predicted Text: we are the criminals.

Transcript: no more suicide bombers
Predicted Text: no more suicide bombers.

Transcript: that's according to the police watchdog
Predicted Text: that's according to the police watchdog.

Transcript: the queen mary and the queen elizabeth
Predicted Text: the queen mary and the queen elizabeth.

Transcript: its design values
Predicted Text: its design values.

Transcript: they were in the minority
Predicted Text: they were in the minority.

Transcript: 500 tons of ocean liner
Predicted Text: 500 tons of ocean liner.

Transcript: one of the articles here is about the queen elizabeth
Predicted Text: one of the articles here is about the queen elizabeth.

Transcript: the job was done
Predicted Text: the job was done.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: flowers and even vegetables
Predicted Text: flowers and even vegetables.

Transcript: for something completely different
Predicted Text: for something completely different.

Transcript: when it comes to publicity
Predicted Text: when it comes to publicity.

Transcript: how great is this
Predicted Text: how great is this?

Transcript: i just love that
Predicted Text: i just love that.

Transcript: they were friends
Predicted Text: they were friends.

Transcript: tell me about it
Predicted Text: tell me about it.

Transcript: until next time
Predicted Text: until next time.

Transcript: to be a successful entrepreneur
Predicted Text: to be a successful entrepreneur in the

Transcript: i just don't get it
Predicted Text: i just don't get it. be.

Transcript: and i think this is one
Predicted Text: and i think this is one.

Transcript: something like that
Predicted Text: something like that.

Transcript: with corrupt governments
Predicted Text: with corrupt governments.

Transcript: because of the small size
Predicted Text: because of the small size.

Transcript: it'll mean more matches
Predicted Text: it'll mean more matches and...

Transcript: and more money for fifa
Predicted Text: and more money for fifa.

Transcript: pleased with himself
Predicted Text: placed with himself.

Transcript: serbia is pandemonium let loose
Predicted Text: serious surveyor is pandemonium let loose.

Transcript: there are no recordings of lloyd george at the peak of his powers
Predicted Text: there are no recordings of lloyd george at the peak of his powers.

Transcript: which was the mass newspaper
Predicted Text: which was the mass newspaper.

Transcript: and he was very devoted to his children
Predicted Text: and he was very devoted to his children.

Transcript: and would eventually marry her after his wife
Predicted Text: and would eventually marry her after his wife and...

Transcript: with that flourish
Predicted Text: with that flourish.

Transcript: what you need to do is get the very best brains
Predicted Text: what you need to do is get the very best brain, so...

Transcript: the very best talents
Predicted Text: the very best talents.

Transcript: the most energetic people in
Predicted Text: it's the most energetic people in.

Transcript: because the empire
Predicted Text: because the empire.

Transcript: it's often forgotten
Predicted Text: it's often forgotten.

Transcript: which is absolutely understandable
Predicted Text: which is absolutely understandable.

Transcript: he hoped to return to power
Predicted Text: he hoped to return to power but...

Transcript: would not be a happy place
Predicted Text: would not be a happy place.

Transcript: depended on trade
Predicted Text: and dependent on trade.

Transcript: my great great grandfather
Predicted Text: my great-great-grandfather.

Transcript: much more driven
Predicted Text: much more driven.

Transcript: if it gives me some sort of control back
Predicted Text: if it gives me some sort of control back...

Transcript: with strong winds
Predicted Text: strong winds.

Transcript: i don't remember that happening before
Predicted Text: i don't remember that happening before.

Transcript: by some miracle
Predicted Text: by some miracle.

Transcript: that's very good
Predicted Text: that's very good.

Transcript: comes from one of the most beautiful parts of the world
Predicted Text: it comes from one of the most beautiful parts of the world.

Transcript: it's not a massive sum of money
Predicted Text: it's not a massive sum of money.

Transcript: they love architecture
Predicted Text: they love architecture.

Transcript: rightly or wrongly
Predicted Text: rightly or wrongly.

Transcript: i wouldn't say i'm a star
Predicted Text: i wouldn't say i'm a star.

Transcript: manchester united fans
Predicted Text: my interesting

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: set up by the government
Predicted Text: set up by the government.

Transcript: it was a brutal experience
Predicted Text: it was a brutal experience.

Transcript: many people did slip and fall and break a leg
Predicted Text: many people did slip and fall and break a leg.

Transcript: they kept living
Predicted Text: they kept living.

Transcript: and in the morning
Predicted Text: and in the morning day.

Transcript: in exact detail
Predicted Text: in exact detail.

Transcript: and the second generation
Predicted Text: and the second generation.

Transcript: been intensely sad
Predicted Text: been intensely sad.

Transcript: and all the survivors of the holocaust
Predicted Text: and all the survivors of the holocaust being...

Transcript: with their database
Predicted Text: with their database.

Transcript: get a new loyal customer and debenhams
Predicted Text: to get a new loyal customer and debonings.

Transcript: as long as they see the spark of success
Predicted Text: as long as they see the spark of success.

Transcript: there was a stone circle here
Predicted Text: there was a stone circle here.

Transcript: during the summer months
Predicted Text: during the summer months and...

Transcript: that is a sold sound
Predicted Text: that is a soul sound.

Transcript: there's plenty to indulge in
Predicted Text: there's plenty to indulge in.

Transcript: she was struggling
Predicted Text: she was struggling a little.

Transcript: when he went to look for her
Predicted Text: when he went to look for her.

Transcript: whatever it was
Predicted Text: whatever it was.

Transcript: 25 years to complete
Predicted Text: 25 years to complete.

Transcript: she will be very pleased
Predicted Text: she will be very pleased.

Transcript: because there was no role model
Predicted Text: because there was no role model.

Transcript: one male official commented
Predicted Text: one male official commented

Transcript: but despite all this
Predicted Text: but despite all this...

Transcript: they carried on competing
Predicted Text: they carried on competing.

Transcript: but despite all this
Predicted Text: but despite all this...

Transcript: if you want to experience some of that
Predicted Text: if you want to experience some of that, you'll

Transcript: you're wasting your time
Predicted Text: you're wasting your time.

Transcript: including a baby
Predicted Text: including a baby or a...

Transcript: this is a semifinal
Predicted Text: this is a semi-final.

Transcript: i'm sorry that doesn't meet with your approval
Predicted Text: but i'm sorry that doesn't meet with your approval.

Transcript: i'm not having a go at you
Predicted Text: i'm not having a go at you.

Transcript: i'm just saying that denise brought me up
Predicted Text: i'm just saying that denise brought me up.

Transcript: we had no money
Predicted Text: we had no money.

Transcript: when you came back
Predicted Text: when you came back.

Transcript: that's why i'm losing my voice
Predicted Text: that's why i'm losing my voice.

Transcript: is in the drying
Predicted Text: is in the drawing.

Transcript: right in front of me
Predicted Text: right in front of me.

Transcript: we talked about it
Predicted Text: we talked about your eyes.

Transcript: i honestly don't know what to do
Predicted Text: i honestly don't know what to do.

Transcript: and i do mean hundreds
Predicted Text: and i do mean hundreds.

Transcript: i don't mind this one
Predicted Text: i don't mind this one.

Transcript: just between you and me
Predicted Text: and just between you and me.

Transcript: judging by what i saw today
Predicted Text: judging by what i saw today, i

Transcript: some got what they want
Predicted Text: some got what they want.

Transcript: get down to your local one
Predicted Text: get down to your local one.

Transcript: have you got it
Predicted Text: have you got it?

Transcript: but i promise you
Predicted Text: but i promise you...

Transcript: you better stay well away from me
Predicted Text: you better stay well away from me.

Transcript: that i'll be ok
Predicted Text: that i'll be okay.

Transcript: thousands of pounds
Predicted Text: thousands of pounds.

Transcript: we need to do something bigger
Predicted Text: we need to do something bigger.

Transcript: trying to bring them down over the centuries
Predicted Text: trying to bring them down over the centuries.

Transcript: but you don't need to worry
Predicted Text: but you don't need to worry.

Transcript: the experts don't know what caused it
Predicted Text: the experts don't know what caused it but...

Transcript: the father died five years ago
Predicted Text: the father died five years ago.

Transcript: and things like that
Predicted Text: and things like that.

Transcript: it's all about myth making
Predicted Text: it's all about myth making.

Transcript: come to my room
Predicted Text: come to my room.

Transcript: as the morning spread upon the mountains
Predicted Text: as the morning spread upon the mountains.

Transcript: with people without creating
Predicted Text: with people without creating

Transcript: with other people
Predicted Text: with other people.

Transcript: and the initials stand for the international marxist group
Predicted Text: and the initial stand for the international marxist group.

Transcript: as you may know
Predicted Text: as you may know.

Transcript: this came from the big
Predicted Text: this came from the big.

Transcript: i probably would
Predicted Text: i probably would.

Transcript: that's really sad
Predicted Text: good that's really sad.

Transcript: i need to get to work
Predicted Text: i need to get to work.

Transcript: before i announce the winner
Predicted Text: now before i announce the winner...

Transcript: we need to find out is there a problem
Predicted Text: we need to find out is there a problem?

Transcript: we don't have brown bear
Predicted Text: we don't have brown bear.

Transcript: if the answer is no
Predicted Text: if the officer's no...

Transcript: we may enjoy the thrill of more regular sightings
Predicted Text: we may enjoy the thrill of more regular sightings.

Transcript: what their aspirations are
Predicted Text: what their aspirations are, what they're

Transcript: without the dialogue
Predicted Text: without the dialogue.

Transcript: very heavily taxed
Predicted Text: very heavily taxed.

Transcript: and the scottish customers to buy
Predicted Text: and the scottish customers to buy.

Transcript: and it was built totally by public subscription
Predicted Text: and it was built totally by public subscription.

Transcript: today almost 50
Predicted Text: today almost 50.

Transcript: the government looks set to win
Predicted Text: the government looks set to win.

Transcript: which the norwegian government was supporting
Predicted Text: which the norwegian government was supporting.

Transcript: a rather special
Predicted Text: a rather special eye.

Transcript: you should think about it
Predicted Text: you should think about it. it is.

Transcript: good luck with that
Predicted Text: good luck with that.

Transcript: we found out about the suffolk punch horses
Predicted Text: we found out about the suffolk punch horses.

Transcript: but it's a different type of animal i want to show you right now
Predicted Text: but it's a different type of animal i want to show you right now.

Transcript: things like this became very
Predicted Text: things like this became very very...

Transcript: the quality of that sliding across
Predicted Text: the quality of that sliding across.

Transcript: and that's what it's all about
Predicted Text: and that's what it's all about.

Transcript: join us next time for many more surprises
Predicted Text: join us next time for many more surprises.

Transcript: goes out the other
Predicted Text: goes out the other.

Transcript: we don't clip it for the money
Predicted Text: we don't clip it for the money with...

Transcript: i don't really mind
Predicted Text: i don't really mind.

Transcript: a new chance at life
Predicted Text: a new chance at life.

Transcript: but i'm not sure where
Predicted Text: but i'm not sure where.

Transcript: it's higher than before
Predicted Text: it's higher than before.

Transcript: but another striking union
Predicted Text: but another striking union thing.

Transcript: there was a glimmer of hope
Predicted Text: there was a glimmer of hope.

Transcript: more open minded perhaps
Predicted Text: more open-minded perhaps.

Transcript: and more open to the parliament
Predicted Text: and more open to the parliament.

Transcript: to divide the room into two parts
Predicted Text: to divide the room into two parts.

Transcript: then the invitation
Predicted Text: than the invitation.

Transcript: he was halfway there
Predicted Text: he was halfway there.

Transcript: part two is the declaration of rights
Predicted Text: so part two is the declaration of rights.

Transcript: they say that the king may not raise taxation without the consent of parliament
Predicted Text: they say there that the king may not raise taxation without the consent of parliament.

Transcript: it was the battle of the boyne
Predicted Text: it was the battle of the boi.

Transcript: i love this name
Predicted Text: i love this name.

Transcript: it makes them sound like an action film
Predicted Text: it makes them sound like an action film.

Transcript: which of course
Predicted Text: which of course is.

Transcript: the shot of musket
Predicted Text: the shot of musket.

Transcript: it's here to stay
Predicted Text: it's here to stay.

Transcript: you've had a tough day
Predicted Text: you've had a tough day.

Transcript: i think it will
Predicted Text: i think it will.

Transcript: very happy indeed
Predicted Text: very happy indeed.

Transcript: so at one point
Predicted Text: so at one point i

Transcript: we knew nothing about making cheese
Predicted Text: when you're nothing about making cheese.

Transcript: and i suppose the bottom line is if you want a thriving
Predicted Text: and i suppose the bottom line is, if you want, a thriving.

Transcript: put it that way
Predicted Text: to put it that way.

Transcript: costing nearly 1 million
Predicted Text: costing nearly one million.

Transcript: and getting rid of it
Predicted Text: and getting rid of it.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: and the top end of 15 to 18
Predicted Text: on the top end of 15 to 18.

Transcript: once those lift doors open
Predicted Text: once those lift doors open.

Transcript: to the potential investor
Predicted Text: to the potential investor.

Transcript: just like my personality
Predicted Text: just like my personality on.

Transcript: i know it quite well
Predicted Text: i know it quite well.

Transcript: and for that reason
Predicted Text: and for that reason, that's right.

Transcript: i want to be in the holding company
Predicted Text: i want to be in the holding company.

Transcript: i'm really sorry
Predicted Text: i'm really sorry.

Transcript: good luck to him and the elusive michael beckett in their new dragon partnership
Predicted Text: good luck to him and the elusive michael beckett. in then, you dragon partnership.

Transcript: whatever they decide to call the company
Predicted Text: whatever they decide to call a company.

Transcript: that's the holy grail
Predicted Text: that's the holy grail.

Transcript: if you build it
Predicted Text: if you build it.

Transcript: very fine indeed
Predicted Text: very fine indeed.

Transcript: it separates yorkshire from lincolnshire
Predicted Text: it separates yorkshire from lincolnshire.

Transcript: hoping to make a fortune at auction
Predicted Text: hoping to make a fortune at auction.

Transcript: after having spent ten years himself in exile
Predicted Text: after having spent 10 years himself in exile.

Transcript: in the eyes of some
Predicted Text: in the eyes of some...

Transcript: awaiting court martial
Predicted Text: awaiting court martial.

Transcript: rommel was falling back
Predicted Text: rommel was falling back.

Transcript: she informed me
Predicted Text: she informed me.

Transcript: you're an idiot
Predicted Text: you're an idiot too.

Transcript: it's just a wee village
Predicted Text: it's just a wee village but...

Transcript: the fishing villages on the northeast coast
Predicted Text: the fishing villages on the northeast coast like

Transcript: some you have to book
Predicted Text: some you have to boot up.

Transcript: i would say probably about 25
Predicted Text: high would say probably about 25.

Transcript: it's still going up
Predicted Text: it's still going up.

Transcript: with the price of gold
Predicted Text: with the price of gold.

Transcript: and it's a beautiful place as well
Predicted Text: and it's a beautiful place as well.

Transcript: doesn't mean to say that we get on with everybody
Predicted Text: doesn't mean to say that we get on with everybody.

Transcript: from time to time
Predicted Text: from time to time.

Transcript: he still wanted
Predicted Text: he still wanted that.

Transcript: we both want to be here
Predicted Text: we both want to be here.

Transcript: i really miss the island
Predicted Text: i really miss the island.

Transcript: regardless of what happens
Predicted Text: regardless what happens.

Transcript: i just got back
Predicted Text: i just got back at...

Transcript: finding the right path is not always easy
Predicted Text: finding the right path is not always easy.

Transcript: there is so much on over the weekend
Predicted Text: there is so much on over the weekend.

Transcript: and on sunday at 12
Predicted Text: and on sunday at 12.

Transcript: what's the best thing about the royal highland show
Predicted Text: and what's the best thing about the royal highland shoe?

Transcript: we want to know what you think
Predicted Text: we want to know what you think.

Transcript: i can't believe
Predicted Text: i can't believe.

Transcript: george skinner is with me
Predicted Text: joel skinner is with me.

Transcript: where's the horns
Predicted Text: where's the horns?

Transcript: we need some antiques
Predicted Text: we need to mount x.

Transcript: don't you think
Predicted Text: don't you think?

Transcript: the wonderful discovery of witches
Predicted Text: the wonderful discovery of witches.

Transcript: and our experts
Predicted Text: and our experts.

Transcript: while we make our way down the coastline
Predicted Text: while we make our way down the coastline.

Transcript: the main concern
Predicted Text: the main concern.

Transcript: there was a boy
Predicted Text: that was a boy.

Transcript: human representations can be offensive to muslims
Predicted Text: human representations can be offensive to muslims.

Transcript: i would like to help
Predicted Text: i would like to help.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: in the long term
Predicted Text: but in the long term, i'm

Transcript: the guilt would go
Predicted Text: the guilt would go.

Transcript: but he wouldn't listen
Predicted Text: but he wouldn't listen.

Transcript: i don't think so
Predicted Text: i don't think so.

Transcript: the work was hard
Predicted Text: the work was hard.

Transcript: not part of our glory
Predicted Text: not part of our glory, but...

Transcript: the operation would go ahead
Predicted Text: the operation would go ahead.

Transcript: or whatever it was
Predicted Text: out or whatever it was.

Transcript: i know how hard you work
Predicted Text: i know how hard you work. i-

Transcript: i can't take much more of this
Predicted Text: i can't take much more of this.

Transcript: and this is very important
Predicted Text: and this is very important.

Transcript: we need to be a team
Predicted Text: we need to be a team.

Transcript: to see these animals
Predicted Text: to see these animals.

Transcript: to speed things up
Predicted Text: to speed things up.

Transcript: you're all the same
Predicted Text: you're all the same.

Transcript: while we've been away
Predicted Text: while we've been away.

Transcript: came up with the perfect name
Predicted Text: he came up with the perfect name.

Transcript: it's an amazing place
Predicted Text: it's an amazing place.

Transcript: but that's all changing
Predicted Text: but that's all changing.

Transcript: going under the hammer right now
Predicted Text: going under the hammer right now.

Transcript: i feel rather embarrassed
Predicted Text: i feel rather embarrassed.

Transcript: if we don't like it
Predicted Text: if we don't like it.

Transcript: heston is here to help you
Predicted Text: hasdon is here to help you.

Transcript: something is going to work out for me
Predicted Text: something is going to work out for me.

Transcript: with climate change
Predicted Text: with climate change.

Transcript: that's a big attraction
Predicted Text: that's a big attraction.

Transcript: very soon after taking off
Predicted Text: very soon after taking off.

Transcript: anything can happen
Predicted Text: anything can happen.

Transcript: let's go inside
Predicted Text: let's go inside.

Transcript: that was exciting
Predicted Text: that was exciting.

Transcript: most of the recovered pieces were lost
Predicted Text: most of the recovered pieces were lost.

Transcript: i'm absolutely in love with this
Predicted Text: i'm absolutely in love with this.

Transcript: i don't think so
Predicted Text: i don't think so.

Transcript: that was going to be my next assumption
Predicted Text: now that was going to be my next assumption.

Transcript: and it's a strange
Predicted Text: and it's a strange...

Transcript: so it's an inspiration
Predicted Text: so it's an inspiration.

Transcript: where are the maldives
Predicted Text: where the mall dives.

Transcript: on the same proportion
Predicted Text: on the same proportion.

Transcript: it's become so fragmented
Predicted Text: it's become so fragmented.

Transcript: let's put those valuations to the test
Predicted Text: let's put those valuations to the test.

Transcript: he made the superstructure
Predicted Text: he made the superstructure.

Transcript: we would love to see you
Predicted Text: we would love to see you.

Transcript: we still have hundreds of people waiting to see our experts
Predicted Text: we still have hundreds of people waiting to see our experts.

Transcript: but i thought it was a bit depressing
Predicted Text: but i thought it was a bit depressing.

Transcript: would you be happy
Predicted Text: would you be happy?

Transcript: and i went to the museum in islington
Predicted Text: and i went to the museum in islington when...

Transcript: i need to close the restaurant
Predicted Text: i need to close the restaurant.

Transcript: the price of property
Predicted Text: the price of property.

Transcript: i can't put it any plainer than that
Predicted Text: i can't put it any planer than that.

Transcript: for the most part
Predicted Text: but for the most part that.

Transcript: on the other hand
Predicted Text: on the other hand...

Transcript: which is relatively small by scottish standards
Predicted Text: which is relatively small by scottish standards.

Transcript: and i really hope
Predicted Text: and i really hope...

Transcript: you are out of it
Predicted Text: you are out of it.

Transcript: over the next few weeks
Predicted Text: over the next few weeks.

Transcript: for whatever reason
Predicted Text: for whatever reason.

Transcript: it can be quite daunting
Predicted Text: it can be quite daunting.

Transcript: a revolution is taking place
Predicted Text: a revolution is taking place.

Transcript: we worked together when we were starting out
Predicted Text: we worked together when we were starting out.

Transcript: i don't want to
Predicted Text: i don't want to...

Transcript: it is a battle that needs to be fought
Predicted Text: it is a battle that needs to be fought.

Transcript: we were flabbergasted
Predicted Text: we were flabbergasted.

Transcript: the day to day lives of tenants
Predicted Text: the d to d levels of tenants.

Transcript: it's a tremendous responsibility
Predicted Text: it's a tremendous responsibility.

Transcript: when you're away from it
Predicted Text: when you're away from it.

Transcript: the job description of a farmer's wife
Predicted Text: the job description of a farmer's wife.

Transcript: thanks for watching
Predicted Text: thanks for watching.

Transcript: a very popular tourist destination
Predicted Text: a very popular tourist destination.

Transcript: also very good for any strains
Predicted Text: i'm also very good for any strains.

Transcript: ready to go racing
Predicted Text: ready to go racing.

Transcript: what do you think
Predicted Text: but what do you think?

Transcript: which explains it
Predicted Text: which explains it.

Transcript: some 200 years later
Predicted Text: some 200 years later.

Transcript: this whole area will still be in safe hands
Predicted Text: this whole area will still be in safe hands.

Transcript: everyone has gone home happy and that's what it's all about
Predicted Text: everyone has gone home happy and that's what it's all about.

Transcript: and he'd be like
Predicted Text: and heat below.

Transcript: this is my revenge
Predicted Text: this is my revenge.

Transcript: and it may well be
Predicted Text: and it may well be.

Transcript: there aren't any biscuits in that barrel
Predicted Text: there aren't any biscuits in that barrel.

Transcript: i didn't mean you
Predicted Text: i didn't mean you.

Transcript: that would just make things worse
Predicted Text: that would just make things worse.

Transcript: when my father died
Predicted Text: when my father died...

Transcript: for the next two minutes
Predicted Text: for the next two minutes.

Transcript: the way the market is
Predicted Text: the way the market is.

Transcript: the ringleader of the gunpowder plot
Predicted Text: the ringleader of the gunpowder plot.

Transcript: all hoping the king would fall
Predicted Text: all hoping the king would fall.

Transcript: these laws would remain in place for over 200 years
Predicted Text: these laws would remain in place for over 200 years.

Transcript: as a result of the gunpowder plot
Predicted Text: as a result of the gunpowder plot.

Transcript: it may take some time
Predicted Text: it may take some time but...

Transcript: you know most of it
Predicted Text: you know most of it.

Test WER: 0.2379
Test CER: 0.0865
